today i am going to explain a thriller
drama mystery movie called the roommate
please be aware the video contains
spoilers
we start the movie with sarah arriving
to her dormitory she is assigned to room
360. the room looks very realistic just
like what you can expect from a dorm
room
sarah forgets she isn't 13 anymore and
puts taylor swift posters on her wall
two girls knock on the door to invite
her to a party
she attends the party with her new
friends when she bumps into stephen
another student
they start flirting when tracy tries to
strip for the council of men
sadly sarah and steven stops her before
she reveals anything they help her get
back to her room and later sarah kisses
stephen but he is a bit confused so he
leaves
sarah enters her room and meets rebecca
her roommate they don't talk that night
since sarah feels bad after drinking too
much
in the morning rebecca gives her pills
for the headache they go shopping
together when jason sarah's ex-boyfriend
calls her
he wants to get back together with her
but she isn't interested
she then introduces rebecca to her
friends but rebecca acts weird and rigid
sarah attends professor robert's design
class and asks him if she can get the
class on
he refuses first as he refused many
other students as well but he quickly
changes his mind as he is blown away how
amazing her style is
sarah and rebecca is stalking other
people online when tracy enters the room
and invites them to a party
rebecca declines the offer and puts her
earphones in two guys sends them drinks
and another guy steals tracy from sarah
she isn't feeling good after being left
alone and decides to leave
she calls rebecca to meet up in a cafe
becca invites her to the city the next
day they go to a museum where rebecca
says weird things we learned that
sarah's older sister died when she was
nine rebecca tries on her late sister's
necklace when she isn't home sarah finds
a stray cat and brings her to the room
they play with the cat and decide to
adopt it when sarah notices the necklace
she asks her to take anything but the
necklace as that is the only thing left
from her sister
the next day sarah is working in the
cafe when stephen enters and shows her
how barbers used to cut hair back in
1998.
then he invites her to a party and
leaves tracy apologizes for leaving her
alone the other night rebecca surprises
sarah with two tickets for her favorite
artists exhibit so sarah cancels her
date with steven and agrees to go with
rebecca instead
she gives rebecca earrings to wear that
night her ears aren't pierced so she has
to do a caveman style
during night tracy runs out of water and
heads outside rebecca's fortune teller
classes paid off as she was already
waiting for her in the door
she gives an unbelievably scary look to
tracy and leaves the next day tracy
tells sarah about what happened the
previous night
she doesn't believe her and walks away
but becca noticed tracy talking to her
sarah then meets up with her old friend
irene who is already a successful woman
in the fashion industry
she then invites steven to dinner tracy
is taking a shower when rebecca enters
the bathroom and turns off the lights
she then overpowers tracy tears her
navel piercing out and threatens her to
not tell anyone or else she will have to
kill her
tracy screams but the sound isolation in
the dormitory is so good that no one
notices it
the next day they talk about rebecca
when stephen tells her he thinks she
might love her in a different way
rebecca stalks them through a window and
proceeds to follow stephen she forgets
she isn't bugs bunny and starts doing
stalker stunts tracy moved to another
dormitory and refuses to spend time with
sarah stephen and sarah are on a date
when they decide to do the adult stuff
at steven's place
rebecca gets frustrated as sarah isn't
home yet sarah's ex-boyfriend calls
sarah but she left her phone home so
rebecca answers and pretends to be her
they also do adult stuff but in a more
modern way when rebecca had enough she
tells jason to delete her number and
never call her again
sarah pays a visit to irene she gives
her clothes and asks her to move in with
her
sarah then tells rebecca that she might
move out but she gets upset
rebecca takes puddles and puts her in
the washing machine when sarah gets home
she lies that puddles got out when she
went to do laundry
rebecca invites her to spend the holiday
at her family's house but sarah declines
as steven already invited her
professor roberts invites sarah to paris
fashion week as he thinks her talent is
extraordinary
as she is thinking about the offer
roberts kisses her she then goes to
rebecca to tell her what happened she
asks her if she is going to tell stephen
but she replies she'll keep it as a
secret to not cause any more trouble
rebecca goes to robert's office and
teases him he kisses her and falls for
the trap rebecca pretends roberts is
hurting her and records it she then
takes away his privilege to have another
child and leaves
the next day professor jacobs take over
the class stephen and sarah decide to
stay for thanksgiving rebecca starts
beating herself and lies to sarah that
she got attacked on the street while
looking for puddles
she then begs for sarah to not tell
anyone not even the police
because of what happened sarah decides
to spend thanksgiving with her
rebecca's parents greet them at the door
but rebecca gives them the cold shoulder
they are having dinner when dad tells
sarah she never brought anyone home so
she must be special
becca and her dad having a conversation
about nothing important in the kitchen
when sarah starts to listen
the next day her mom asks sarah if becca
is taking her medication or not but
becca cuts the conversation short
they go to a cafe where they meet three
other girl the girls look shocked and
uncomfortable seeing becca there sarah
recognizes one of them from becca's
drawings and asks her about it
becca then stands up and introduces
sarah to maria maria then delivers the
sickest burn of the century she tells
her they were never friends
they go back to the dormitory and when
becca leaves sarah starts digging for
clues
she finds a bottle of antipsychotics
when steven teleports behind her and
touches her instead of calling her name
like every normal person would do
rebecca is filling up her car when the
worker starts harassing her
she spills gas on him and threatens him
with a lighter sarah and steven look up
the medicine and find out it is used to
treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
irene is at a club and sees rebecca
dancing they meet later in the restroom
and compliment each other they get to
business real quick and leave irene's
place sarah tries to visit her the next
day but she isn't answering
she heads home and asks becca where she
was all night becca says she was at the
studio studying becca asks her to go to
a tattoo saloon with her she reveals her
tattoo which says emily sarah's late
sister's name
becca tells her she can call her emily
if she wants sarah looks in disgust and
leaves she packs her stuff and leaves
becca to move in with stephen
they can't find the necklace emily left
for her and steven goes back to look for
it
becca says she doesn't know where it is
sarah gets a call from her ex-boyfriend
she declines but jason leaves a message
that he is at her dorm room
he knocks on the door and we see becca
redesigning the furniture
he leaves a note with his address on it
becca paints her hair black takes
sarah's clothes and necklace and heads
to the hotel address jason left there
she steals a key and enters his room she
undresses and lays next to jason
he is so excited to see his
ex-girlfriend after months that he isn't
even opening his eyes or checks who she
is
becca gets on top and stabs him multiple
times while telling him sarah doesn't
love him anymore sarah gets a text from
irene to meet up as soon as possible
stephen calls sarah and she tells him to
meet at irene's place as she is
concerned for her
sarah finds the door open when she gets
there she enters the bedroom where irene
is tied up becca greets her with a gun
she tells her how she managed to get rid
of her teacher ex-boyfriend tracy and
even puddles the kitten
sarah tries to apologize for leaving her
alone in the dorm becca accepts the
apology and tells her she only needs one
best friend so she starts suffocating
irene with a plastic bag
sarah tries to intervene but becca hits
her with the gun sarah hits her when she
tries to apologize and she drops the gun
they fight on the ground but sarah
manages to lock her out
becca finds the gun and shoots the lock
she is about to shoot irene when stephen
teleports again and grabs her from
behind
sarah falls out of the window and the
curtain holds her only
stephen only uses one punch to knock her
out as he is a white knight
he tries to pull sarah back but in just
five seconds becca regained
consciousness found an object and hid
him from behind
becca pulls sarah in but sarah pulls the
gun on her
she is ready to shoot her but the gun is
empty becca then attacks her as she is
disappointed they fight for a while when
sarah delivers the line you are never my
friend and stabs her
she tries to take back the necklace but
becca grabs her one more time just for
the lols
sarah then moves back to her dorm room
and removes becca's old bed
[Music]
you